[DOCS] Add impact sections to snapshot/restore 8.0 breaking changes (#56441)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_8_0/snapshots.asciidoc

In earlier versions, you could pass both `settings` and `index_settings` in the
body of a restore snapshot request, but the `settings` value was ignored. The
restore snapshot API now rejects requests that include a `settings` value.

*Impact* +

> Discontinue use of the `settings` and `index_settings` parameters in restore

Reviewer: `index_settings` is fine, it's just `settings` that isn't.

```suggestion
Discontinue use of the `settings` parameter in restore
```
